Honey.
We were starving, actually.
Oh, my, ma'am. It doesn't look like food.
It looks like artwork.
It's too pretty to eat.
I must say,
you sure are full of surprises.
You have such a considerate wife.
You're so lucky.
All right. Let's dig in.
In any case, some of the hostages
have been released.
Let's eat and get back
to fighting those spies.
All right, guys. Let's dig in!
-Thank you for the food!
Thank you, ma'am.
Come eat.
-What is it?
-You should see the news.
Controversy arose over Professor Han
-What?
-who was found dead on a Northern
-spy boat.
-It's Gal.
There was a suspicion that the economics
professor tried to defect to the North,
but decisive evidence has been revealed
that the North in fact
tried to abduct him.
According to the Catholic Priests
Association for Justice,
Priest Kim Hyeon-seung received
a tape recording from Han I-seop,
and the tape contains the voice of the spy
who tried to abduct him on November 27.
What did you just say?
Where did you say my son is?
He's studying in the US.
Your son isn't in Boston.
He's in Pyongyang.
In Pyongyang?
Who are you?
Who are you people?
Did you kidnap my son?
If you want to save him,
come with us to Pyongyang.
Stop the car!
Stop the car! Now--
Saying it was likely to be
the spies' second attempt to abduct him,
the CPAJ denied the rumor
about him defecting to the North.
And the opposition party is claiming that
the current administration is behind it,
so it's expected to have a huge impact.
Reporting from Yeyeon Cathedral,
I'm Gal Sang-sik, JBC.
You son of a b****!
Why me, sir?
I'll fix it.
What do you mean, fix it?
It's in the news!
How will you fix it?
You bastard. It's hot! Stop right there!
-First, I'll sue them for defaming ANSP.
-Come here. Why you…
-Come here, you bastard.
-And, sir,
I'll issue summonses against
the CPAJ and that bastard Gal Sang-sik.
-What? You idiot!
-Stop the nonsense and get out!
-Well…
-Everyone, out.
Hey.
-You should go home.
-Okay.
Get out.
Where are you going, you idiots?
Come back here!
Hey.
Are you crazy?
Why did you tell them to leave?
We must press charges, make up evidence
that he was defecting, and make it public!
Hey!
Did you find anything useful in Han's bag?
Well, we found a letter
from his son in Pyongyang--
Why have you still not used it?
Make it public now!
Fabricate evidence if necessary!
Shut up!
What?
"Shut up"?
Fabricate evidence?
We've given the press guidelines
every morning trying to shut them up,
but it didn't work!
They have hard evidence. You think you can
cover it up with fabricated evidence?
Then what?
We just let the opposition party
have their way?
Our candidate will lose the election
for sure at this rate.
Pick it up.
Eun Chang-su speaking.
It seems plan B also failed.
I'm sorry, sir.
I'll find the--
Come in by five with a solution.
Yes, sir.
-What did he say?
-To come in by five.
What? What do we do?
This is bad. We'll catch hell
if we go without a solution.
Wait, Eun!
-Wait.
-Then we should…
come up with a solution.